 Automatic  Wiper  In    the    present    automobiles    the    number    of    facilities    is  much    higher.  The  driver  has  to      concentrate    on    road    while  driving,    and    with    increased    traffic,    things    get    frustrating. 
 The features  in  the  car  like  GPRS  to  trace  the  route,  music  system,    air    condition   system  etc  may  drive  away  the attention  of  the  driver.  Thus  an  effort  has  been  made  to reduce  the  effort  put  by  driver  in  controlling  the  speed  of the wiper and put more concentration on his driving.  
 Since  this  system  is  put  into  use  in  many  higher  end  cars  and    has    been    successfully    working,  an    effort    was    made    to  reduce    the    cost    of    the    system    so    that    this    system    can    be implemented   in  common  economic  cars  where  a  common man  can also enjoy the benefits. It was  found  that  the  rain  sensor  is  the  expensive  unit  in  the  present  system  and an effort is done in making  a  sensor  which  is  reasonable by price, the Cup Sensor. The sensing device  used  here  is basically    a    conical   shaped  cup  with  a tray  on  the  top  of  the  cup  to  collect  maximum  possible  amount    of    water.  When    the    
 rain    begins    and    the    visibility    to    the    driver    is reducing,  the  system  has  to trigger  the  wiper  to  wipe  the water  on  the  screen.  It  can  so  happen  that  the  driver  feels the  need  of  wiper  but  because  the  floater has  not  reached the  level   of  the  probe  the  system   may   not  begin   its function.
